Hey, can you afford it? Just touch it.
Then how do I know if I want to buy it if I don't try it?
This is the latest silk fabric
15 yuan a piece of high-end goods.
They're all coming in from the big cities.
What about silk fabrics?
The style is outdated and has no characteristics.
Plus the melon seed rind you knocked all over the place
And your dog-eyed attitude towards people
No wonder this store can't stand it
My cousin is the lady boss of this store
She doesn't care what I have to do with you.
If Xiao Wang can't afford it, don't take this one
Your cousin could hire someone like you
How nice it is to have your brain gone
Who says my brain is not good?
Jiang Lili
It's You
My cousin is the lady boss of this store.
Or a college student who has studied in the city?
What are you doing here?
There are no clothes you can afford here.
The fly circled the stone
I mean, how does this work?
So this is the clothing store you mentioned.
You really have no quality
Angry
Did you lose your face at the beauty pageant a few days ago?
Are you angry?
Depend on your mouth
Stop
Hye Min, what are you doing?
Brother Lin is Jiang Li, he scolded me first
Sister Chunmiao can testify to me
I can't be angry
That's why I hit him
I just came in to see the clothes
I didn't expect to come in
The salesperson called me a hillbilly boss
That's not true. Don't scold him.
boss
You are the owner of this store